What if Sunan has the ability?
As long as I don't pass
His solution was a pile of waste paper
When he goes bankrupt, I'll see how he's too revived
Mr. Su, I am very dissatisfied with your plan this time.
I suggest you save it
No, why are you here?
Song Qingqing, you deliberately embarrassed Sunan to threaten me
OK
Not revival
That's not what I meant.
I just want to
If even the plan written by the president himself fails the re-examination
Then you don't deserve to cooperate with us after the re-examination.
Because you Song enterprise don't even have anyone who knows the goods.
The plan was written by you
I just wanted to embarrass him
I didn't mean to embarrass you
Sunan will be back soon
I won't be disappointed this time.
Will not
Miss Song's plan has been changed
Why is the plan here?
I am very satisfied with Mr. Su's plan this time
If there is no problem
Just sign
Passed
Ok ok miss song
If you have any questions in the future, you can contact me at any time.
Mr. Su
The plan was written by your assistant
I am satisfied with his ability.
It just so happens that our Song enterprise needs such talents
If I take him away
You shouldn't mind, right?